Docs: Update details on group views (#11169)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/product-analytics/group-analytics.mdx

### Viewing groups and their properties

To view groups and their properties, head to the **People and groups** tab on the navigation bar.

From here, you can select the group type you are interested in and view the groups and properties (by clicking the chevrons on the left). The properties shown here can be customized by clicking **Configure columns**.

<ProductScreenshot
    imageLight = "https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/Clean_Shot_2025_04_02_at_13_34_37_2x_0e700b3bb8.png" 
    imageDark = "https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/Clean_Shot_2025_04_02_at_13_34_49_2x_d92d58ce0d.png"
    classes="rounded"
    alt="View groups"
/>

> Clicking one of the instances of the group types brings you to the group details page. Here, you can generate, view, and customize a dashboard for the group. Beyond this, you can see events, recordings, related people, and more. On the **properties** tab, you can add, update, and delete group properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clicking one of groups brings you to the group details page. Here, you can generate, view, and customize a dashboard for the group. Beyond this, you can see events, recordings, related people, and more. On the **properties** tab, you can add, update, and delete group properties.
```
